https://codepen.io/Neytorokx/pen/dyyVYWQ

    1. What is Semantic HTML? | Semantic HTML is the method of providing meaning to your content. It makes the code easier to understand for both humans and the various machines that might access your content across the internet.
    2. What is HTML used for? | HTML is used to build websites. In conjunction with Javascript to add background functionality and CSS to style it, HTML is capable of many wonderful things!
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? | An attribute is sort of like a modifier for the elements they're applied to. For example, the 'src' attribute is used to specify the source for an image.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? | H1 is a header tag. It should really only be used for titles to sections.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes | Img and the src tag. The link tag and src tag. (IE javascript or css links) 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? | The title of the page, links to css and javascript, meta tags for SEO. 
    7. What is an id? | An ID is used to make an element unique for the sake of styling or selecting in javascript.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? | Varies by version of HTML. Html 5 has no restrictions on what an ID can be applied to.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? | You can use an ID only once per page. Using it more than once defeats the purpose. If a style needs to be applied to more than one element, use a class. 
    10. What is a class? | Classes are similar to IDs with the exception that they can be used more than once to style multiple elements with ease.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? | You can apply them to anything.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? | As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? | Add the 'target' atttribute and set the value to '_blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? It is alternate text that will be shown in place of the element it's applied to when the element itself cannot be loaded.
    15. How do I reference an id? | #ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? | Divs simply divide content and provide no meaning. Sections, however, provide meaning in the form of keeping related content grouped.
    17. What is CSS used for? | CSS is used to style your webpage. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page | h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one | Classes can be applied to multiple elements whereas IDs cannot. You might use a class to style all the elements in a list, but use an ID to individually style one of the elements. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? | Use the period key. Example: .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? | Use p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? | A parent child selector allows you to select one or more elements within a parent element. This could be useful when you need update a child element upon hoving over the parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? | .sidebar > a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? | Pseudo selectors are selectors that define the state of the specified element. An example is the :hover selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? | Use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? | Use the letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? | Use text-transform. It would be uppercae, lowercase, and capitalize respectively. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? | Use border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? | Use the * selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? | Use /* Comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? | pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? | ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? | rm
    34. Why should I use version control? | Version control allows for multiple developers to collaborate on a single project without the risk of things getting messed up. It also allows for better code organization and helps keep projects synced across workspaces.
    35. How often should I commit to github? | Generally after major changes or every 20-30 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. | Fork the repo, add TL as collaborator, clone repo, create branch with name, submit a pull request, and the TL will count it as done. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? | Block elements stack vertically whereas inline-blocks align horizontally. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? | Absolutely positioned elements require top, left, bottom, or right values to set their offset and ultimately position them on the page.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? | width: auto;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default | divs, sections, and paragraphs are block. Output and inputs are inline. Imgs are inline-block.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? The box model is the method of building a webpage via 'boxes'. A solution is the flexbox.